{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11620\viewh11100\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 ML SITE REDESIGN 2012
\b0 \
-----------------------------------\
\
Thoughts:\
- Maybe keep the glowing sphere motif?\
- Make sure the favicon is relevant to the new design!\
- AUDIO PLAYER: Can it persist across pages? If everything is actually in one page and the player shows up or disappears conditionally if there's something playing...\
- AJAX loading of sections so it can all live on one page?\
- Add Konami code easter egg? (up up down down left right left right B A)\
\
\
- SECRET SERVICE SITE REDESIGN!\
\
-----------------------------------\

\b MY DESIGN PRINCIPLES:
\b0 \
\
\
2) KISS. Simple functionality, simple fonts, colors, structure. Make things visible, use good contrast; If users can't see it, they can't use it. Conventions and standards are that way for a reason; if you are going to break a convention, have a good reason. Simplicity, simplicity, simplicity, all in the service of a usable experience.\
\
3) That being said, don't fear innovation! Don't innovate for the sake of innovation, but if the business and user goals allow for it (or even call for it), go for it.\
\
3) Don't make users think (props to Krug) or waste their time; don't get in their way. They want to do what they want to do, so make sure you have a pretty good idea what that is, and design the simplest, most aesthetically pleasing path possible for them to get there.\
\
4) Content is still king. Work with content hierarchy to make sure appropriate things are visible and have priority in appropriate contexts.\
\
5) White space is not evil.\
\
1) Keep things DRY ("Don't Repeat Yourself" - optimize for efficiency and consistency)\
\
6) Don't keep it secret. Don't work in isolation, get feedback on designs and LISTEN TO IT.\
\
7) Keep my ego out of it - within reason. Don't be afraid to make poor decisions, create crappy design mock-ups, have seemingly stupid ideas (now now, there are no stupid ideas, only stupid people HAVING ideas). That's part of the process. Try to fail a few times before you get to your success. \
\
8) When possible, don't rush. Experiment, try things, take time to make it right.\
\
9) Take breaks! Sleep on it, get away from it, come back fresh.\
\
\
\
\
Don Norman design principles: Visibility, Feedback, Affordance, Mapping, Constraint, Consistency ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.slideshare.net/gelvan/design-principles"}}{\fldrslt http://www.slideshare.net/gelvan/design-principles}})\
\
\
-----------------------------------\

\b GLOBAL ELEMENTS:
\b0 \
"logo" - Top always, left on wide and landscape, center on portrait and narrow\
\
nav - top right links on wide and landscape, links under logo on portrait, slide-down menu on phone and very narrow; use "Top Nav" or "Toggle" patterns\
\
Social media icons (Flickr, Twitter, Facebook, LinkedIn, Blogger) - top above nav move to bottom on mobile)\
\
SECTIONS: \
Home\
Projects (embed Vimeo where necessary)\
	PROJECT TYPES:\
	Web site\
	Video\
	Flash Code\
\
Bio\
Music\
	Rework my jukebox to be HTML5?\
\
Other (writing, blog, thoughts, etc)\
Contact\
\
Back To Top - fixed in upper right after certain vertical media query?\
\

\b HOME PAGE
\b0 \
global stuff\
intro copy - simple\
slider with multiple case study projects - slide along x-axis, click to view\
\
\

\b PROJECT PAGE:
\b0 \
global stuff\
Image step slider OR video panel - horizontal sliding of steps\
step selector control\
step text\
A way to select another project (drop down? sidebar/slide out list?)\
\
\
\
start mobile/semantic\
use modernizer?\
\
\
Look at: bradfrost.com, hicksdesign.co.uk, lukew.com, daverupert.com}